hey what's up you - my lady - hey I'm
putting the Dynamat in right now as
y'all can see you know the last video
that I sent a lot of guys was uh when I
like a couple of guys are saying that
the cheap will still work and it
seemed like they got a little hostile
about it because I said that either
dynamic or a second scene is recommended
obviously the guys got offended cuz they
use cheap so they got a little
upset which I really don't give a
but like I said I'm putting on his
DynaMed and some people say that you
should clean air use the heat
guy which I do have a heat gun had his
heat gone for a year and a half all
right
and prior to my old set up I had a heat
gun but if I can win out on me he was a
cheap one but I got a good one
I got a Waggoner but uh yeah but this is
what I normally do when I do my Dynamat
I'm just showing you how the first
portion of what I do
your largest heater
and I can tell just from doing this then
this dinah man sticks a lot better than
a previous stuff that I had even when I
use the heat gun you know personally I
think it's all about what you buy and
the quality of it
people say you buy cheap it's gonna
still work
you buy cheap the cheap chick will
fall off you know there are numerous of
people in YouTube that's there that
state them all up fell off because
using pork products I can assure you
just from doing is that the adhesive on
here is a lot better than the last stuff
that I used so I call on cheap
seats sticking real good you know in
regards to fat men I have fat minute a
long time ago when I had a UH when I had
my trailblazer and I used it and it's a
lot better than the stuff I use on this
truck but when it comes down to it it's
still cheap you know like I say the foil
is different in the he Civ is different
so that makes a big difference but uh
like I say this Dynamat is definitely
what I will continue using and probably
when I get down to the lower 48 from
leaving last I'm gonna get some second
skin because uh like I say the shipping
is really expensive especially was
shipping second skin up to the shipping
the second skin to Alaska like I said I
think it was like a hundred and sixty
eight dollars for forty square feet I'm
not about to pay $160 with shipping on a
thing of sagging skin all right but uh
like I say one second law for a I
probably might get get up right about 25
square feet of second skin when I get to
lower 48 you know and
that's really about it but jealousy let
me put this down real quick cuz I see I
got a long way to go
y'all can see a lot more stuff to go so
this is just a quick overview of what
I'm doing now
so y'all good idea
what I normally do when I do my Dinah
madness balls but when I put my Dynamat
on
and it's definitely recommended to use a
heat gun that's one thing I can't vote
for you know like this I use the heat
gun before and what the last product I
use and this stuff and they seem like
you're stuck but after a year the
nest fell off you know I don't know if
this from the black material that he
said that they use oh it's a big
difference but when I compared the two
adhesives together and I looked at them
mimics the he Civ look different totally
different old adhesive I had had a
pattering on it I don't know why but
this dynamite they don't have a pattern
on it so definitely container that makes
a difference but I'm gonna do this in
the middle area right here too but I'm
just going my cheap big areas right now
and after I do that I'm working my way
all the way to the back so if I got any
questions about this install just saw it
hit me up by Marvin time right now so
I'm at the sign-off I live